if you're looking for somewhere to start
I would say putting your hands in your
trouser pockets is something to avoid
it's a red flag don't do it I think it
makes us come across as nervous and
unenthusiastic about the topic instead
try to use open and expressive hand
gestures and I think you'll find that
people are more interested in listening
to what I say
so during my musti's I received training
in motivational interviewing
now motivational interviewing is a
constant file which has been shown to
elicit behavior change and help resolve
ambivalence if you take the first letter
of each one of these skills exposed
after your Wars the second skill is the
skill of affirmations now affirmations
are simply statements about anything
positive that the counselor notices
about the client and the last word is
the location which refers to the idea
that the best notions the best ideas
about change come from the client
motivational interviewing has widespread
evidence of its efficacy particularly in
treating addictions
[Music]
suppose someone told you that a fabulous
new method of conducting an interview
has been invented a new method of just
talking to people face to face that
miraculously helps them to overcome
their addiction to hard drugs like
heroin methamphetamine fentanyl opioids
and then someone attaches on to this
incredibly difficult to believe premise
the claim that this same method can be
used with miraculous results to meet
complete strangers on the street meat
eaters and convinced them to become
vegan now I'm no expert but if
motivational interviewing can help get
people off crack then maybe it can help
get people off cheese would you not be
incredibly skeptical of the first claim
the second claim and the connection
between these two claims for then we
live in a society where we are
surrounded by hundreds of hard drug
addicts at all time so if there really
were an amazing method of getting them
to quit drugs just by talking to them
face to face I think we'd be seeing the
effects of that by now the reasons to be
skeptical that in and of itself but
let's just say there are some studies
showing that this new method of quote
motivational interviewing close quote
let's just say that there are some
studies showing that it's more effective
than 12-step meetings that it's more
effective than Christian prayer groups
or people converting to Islam let's just
say there are some studies that for drug
addicts and rehabilitation it turns out
this form of motivational interviewing
is by some percentile difference more
effective than Freudian psychoanalysis
that that may be true you may be able to
demonstrate that
do you not still be incredibly skeptical
about the further leap of inference that
you could take this method and apply it
to meeting strangers on the street and
convincing them to give up eating meat
to become ethical vegans now we use
affirmations in motivational
interviewing to build a sense of
self-confidence or a sense of
self-efficacy for one thing the context
in which those discussions will be
taking place someone who is a drug
addict and wants help let's just take
that as a first note it's not the only
scenario let's just say someone is a
drug addict and reaches a point in their
life when they decide they need help
they want someone to help them quit
drugs stop being a drug addict doesn't
that seem to you a little bit
fundamentally different from doesn't
that seem to you not comparable to a
complete stranger in a fur coat who's
happy with their lives eating meat
walking their dog wearing a fur coat
every day being approached by a vegan in
the street a complete stranger out of
the blue says hey can I show you this
YouTube video of what goes on in a
slaughterhouse where your fur coat comes
from where your breakfast came from mind
if I enjoy
don't you think there's something
slightly different are you aware that
the familiar cow is real doctor did you
ask that permission of the coyote if you
could kill it what about the animal why
do you tell what it's none of your what
about the Animoto is it the basis of
viana when comparing someone who is for
whatever reason come to a point their
life when they recognize their drug
their drug habits their drug addictions
or a bad thing they want to get rid of
and someone who hasn't had that
realization at all about meat dairy for
leather being confronted by vegan
activists by the huge if or not
considered option of becoming an ethical
vegan taking responsibility for don't
you think it'd be a little bit of a gap
there where no matter how convincing the
research
be that your shitty interview method is
better than a 12-step rehab method for
helping drug addicts quit approaches
with that conclusion would not be
applicable to what we're doing in so
cold vegan a leash poppy would you
interest in taking a fire it's about
your jacket because you may not be aware
but uses dog fur on the trim so the trim
comes from a coyote which comes from a
species of dog and what happens they get
caught these leg-hold traps and
sometimes they're in there for about
seven to two hours before the hunter
comes to get them but a lot of these
coyotes and mothers so what happens is
their Cubs are left alone at home where
they ever get killed by predators or
they starve to death
okay motivational interviewing has
widespread evidence of its efficacy
particularly in treating addictions now
I'm no expert but if motivational
interviewing can help get people off
crack then maybe you can help get people
off cheese how [ __ ] stupid is the
audience to applaud and donate money to
the people who are willing to tell these
lies that's all I see this as I see the
YouTuber humane Hancock as someone who
is intentionally telling lies for money
intentionally telling lies for clothes
intentionally telling lies so that his
youtube channel seems just like direct
action everywhere back in the old days
as if it's guided by the conclusions of
social science research and it's not
it's a scam period what you're doing
humane Hancock is a scam presented as a
humanitarian cause guided by social
science research donate now like share
and subscribe share the link to this
YouTube video now dead serious hell
these are not the only circumstances in
which people end up coming into an
office for motivational interviewing all
right other circumstances include being
imprisoned them have you considered to
what extent the comparative analysis of
the outcomes of motivational
interviewing is looking at people who
are
to a prison or a rehab facility
basically on a court order because the
police or a judge sentenced them to
force them to work they've been put in a
cage where they don't have a choice
except to stop and reconsider their
lives and in the series of steps that
brought them up to Committee on crime
and putting them in prison and then in
that context they were engaging with a
therapist in motivational interviewing
and then in that context someone is
presenting the arguments that
motivational interviewing gets a
slightly better outcome than the
absolutely terrible debunked
pseudoscience of 12-step groups not not
all that impressive not all that amazing
is it do you think we would have better
results if our method of converting
people to veganism was to first arrest
them and put them in prison for eating
meat and then in that context imitate
motivational food maybe so maybe if that
were the bizarre science fiction
scenario we were discussing for
so-called outreach maybe Humane Hancock
would have a point how much alcohol do
you drink a day is a close question that
could be changed to what role does
alcohol play in your life an open
question don't you want to move to a
safer place cause pretty much for a yes
or no answer
what are the advantages that you see in
moving to a safer place is an open
question that calls for more of a
discussion and finally in my comment
below is video what I invited people
there needs to do was just a google
motivational interviewing and find out
what the [ __ ] it is because all it is is
a flattering way of giving an interview
it's just asking people open-ended
questions and given them a lot of
positive encouragement in the interview
and frankly I think it's very unlikely
that that would take any of the any of
the extreme drug addicts I walk past on
the street every day and I walk past at
least 100 drug addicts on the street
every day living where I live in Canada
on a bad day it might be 300 okay we
have battalions strength homeless drug
addicts living on the streets here
shuffling back and forth with
I've sunk into their heads okay drug
addiction problems a huge epidemic I
find it very very difficult to believe
reading the description of motivational
interviewing that that's gonna work for
any significant percentage of them but
it will work for some because some were
going to come into those interviews
positively motivated to get clean anyway
right and it's very easy to attribute to
the method the positive outcomes when
you get them and if you actually
understand political science and social
science research that's exactly we have
to overcome with really solid
quantitative methods okay
why would motivate you what you're doing
be effective for being an activism
compared to Gary Yourofsky
I'm the world's harshest critic of Gary
Yourofsky search his name on my channel
you're gonna find some videos really
giving you analysis condemnation of what
Gary Yourofsky I guess what Gary
Yourofsky one of the most successful
vegan activists of the last ten years
what does his approach look like does it
look anything like motivational
interviewing does he give people these
open-ended questions and all these
bizarre forms of flattery and
affirmation and what have you that's
built into the motivation not at all his
method does not resemble this advice
whatsoever has he had some success yes
with certain personality types some
personality types respond positively to
the get tough attitude of people saying
hey this is your fault you take
responsibility you step up you do better
you know tough-talking abrasive
approaches to sharing the information of
veganism you can get results with it's
not like I'm appealing to some kind of
difficult to prove scientific fact here
if you made a top 10 list of the most
successful vegan activist in the last
decade you might come to the humiliating
conclusion that this method is so simple
it's so stupid it can work for anyone
some of the time I don't know how many
people have become vegan because of
James ass Pete I know that James
SP is stupid I know that his method is
stupid but I know the vegan message is a
message so simple so important so easy
to understand and so ethically powerful
that even if a stupid person delivers
that message in a stupid way it can get
results what I want to do is critique
the people who are making these inflated
scientific claims on the internet that
their method works and therefore you
should donate money now
as the budget for DXE direct action
everywhere creeps over 1 million dollars
a year as the budget for dr. Gregers
YouTube channel exceeds 2 million
dollars per year we have a whole lot of
people wasting a whole lot of money on a
whole lot of pseudo scientific [ __ ]
when the state of the vegan movement
itself is a joke why is it a joke well
it depends very much on what you have to
compare it to if what you want to
compare it to is drug rehab drug rehab
given to offenders in prison I just
don't see how that could possibly be a
meaningful comparison why don't you take
a look at what gay rights managed to
accomplish in the last 50 years and then
ask yourself if veganism is going to be
able to accomplish something like that
in the next 50 years why don't you look
at what Mothers Against Drunk Driving
accomplished in the last 50 years then
look ahead to the next few years why
don't you look at examples of really
successful civil society movements
public education based movements even
right why don't you look at the best of
the best and then ask what lessons we
can draw from that and those lessons are
goddamned humiliating because the future
of vegan is not and cannot be people
seeing Gary Yourofsky on YouTube and
donating him money people saying James
ass pee and his half-naked girlfriend on
YouTube and donating the money people
see durianrider and free
in donating the money and you know what
you mean Hancock I put you in the same
goddamn category you're just the next
generation of [ __ ] artist you and
Earthling head